Add note for password on BACKEND_HOST (#104)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/appendices/guitest.adoc

. Clone the {client-repo-url}[Desktop Client] from GitHub
. Copy `test/gui/config.sample.ini` to `test/suite_oc-desktop/config.ini`
. Edit `test/gui/config.ini` and set `BACKEND_HOST=` to the URL of your ownCloud server, e.g. `BACKEND_HOST=http://localhost/owncloud-core`

> NOTE: BACKEND_HOST can be any server but it's required that password for user 'admin' is set to 'admin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: BACKEND_HOST can be any server, but it is required that the password for the user `admin` is set to `admin`.
```
Small text fix

> NOTE: BACKEND_HOST can be any server but it's required that password for user 'admin' is set to 'admin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: BACKEND_HOST can be any server but it's required that password for user 'admin' is set to 'admin'
```
The `+` sign makes the following note part of the list item an does not break the list intent

> 
> NOTE: BACKEND_HOST can be any server, but it is required that the password for the user `admin` is set to `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: BACKEND_HOST can be any server, but it is required that the password for the user `admin` is set to `admin`.
```
The `+` sign makes the NOTE part of the list item and does not break the list intent
